.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

## Description
ClickUp [task]() [_<- update link_]

[_What functionality does this add or problem does this fix?
link to issue eg closes #22_]

This is a [small/large] change, [simple/complex] code.
[_advice on what files to start the review with_]
[_did you consider different approaches?_] [_is there a design doc to link to?_]

- [ ] This PR part of a larger effort
        - what will be addressed in separate PRs?
        - what documentation/testing is being delayed to another PR?
- [ ] Added TODO comments about: work not shipped in this PR
- [ ] Added TODO comments about: optimizations/refactoring

## Checklist
- [ ] The PR has an informative **title**?
- [ ] The branch to merge has your name in it, `your-name/more-about-change` ?
- [ ] Updated README.md and inline documentation
- [ ] New files have copyright statement at the top
- [ ] All files have up to date description of what the file does
- [ ] Followed the other [Coding standards](https://github.com/predictionmachine/pm-coding-template#code-contents)?
- [ ] *labels* have been applied to the PR

Commit message:

update to use latest pm-gh-actions (#8)

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

## Description
ClickUp [task] (<- add link)

What functionality does this add/problem does this address?
Issue #<!--_link to issue or description_-->

This is a [small/medium/large] <!--choose one--> change.
[_advice on what files to start the review with, where complex code is_]

- [ ] This PR part of a larger effort
        - what will be addressed in separate PRs?

Have you added <!--keep relevant items-->:
- [ ] TODO comments about the work not shipped in this PR
- [ ] TODO comments about nice to have refactoring
- [ ] doc strings and comments about design decisions and approach taken/not taken


## Checklist
- [ ] Does the PR have an informative, carefully chosen **title**?
- [ ] Updated README.md and inline documentation as appropriate
- [ ] New files have copyright statement at the top and a careful, useful description of what the file does
- [x] Have you followed the other [Coding standards](https://github.com/predictionmachine/pm-coding-template#code-contents)?
- [ ] Applied *labels* to the PR

<!-- version 0.3.1 -->
<!-- based on https://github.com/predictionmachine/pm-coding-template/blob/main/.github/pull_request_template.md -->
